Increasing references to AWS Aurora support (#6228)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/sql/dialect-postgresql.md

## Supported database versions

> SQL persistence supports [PostgreSQL 10](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/10/release-10.html) and above including AWS Aurora PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SQL persistence supports [PostgreSQL 10](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/10/release-10.html) and above, as well as AWS Aurora PostgreSQL.
```
